Hey guys.
So in this video I want to show you guys how to make a GET request in order to using AJAX and a common
javascript method in order to just get some data and everything that you want to be able to view.
So on this details here let's go at him for whatever integer you pass and it doesn't really matter.
We're gonna go out and return a new view of data source and make sure we have our view in here and we're
going to say that it is with the model and the model is going to be a detailed model and it's going
to be of a class band and it's going to use the layouts that we're going to go out and add a file with
the name bita OK.
So we already have that and then we're going to go and replace it anyway just so we're starting fresh
here.
So this should pull it up here and then we go over to music and we look at the details here you can
see it's just actually iterating over all the values of our data here and displaying the names of the
data elements here.
So if you guys are wondering what the display name for the display for is the display 4 is actually
displaying the data display name for the on on the other end is actually a data attribute that you can
define on your model class using the display here so this display is actually going to show up in our
details page just like we saw it with the label for as well that uses the display.
So now what I'm going to do at the bottom of all this this data display here I'm just going to go ahead
and add a button and this is going to be rough looking I don't even know what it's going to look like
but we'll see what it looks like here and we'll just say Ajax test is the name of the button and we'll
just say Ajax because there's going to be a get request because there is a difference between a game
and a post.
And what we want to do is we're going to have a another you know let's put it inside of this entire
thing is a mass.
All right.
Number one this will all go inside of a day of class container and a day of class row.
And I'm going to drop all that in there.
And then inside this row I do want this to be a class call home empty of six.
OK.
I did not want that closed or doing it right or column B of 6 and get rid of that.
All right so now we have this M.D of 6 so close that down because right after that empty of six I also
want to go ahead and do another and we're going to say divide equals data.
So we'll put our data inside of this device.
And for now I also want to go out and put my button.
I want to take that out of this other column that we have.
And I want to put that down in here and either this day at the bottom is just a simple button.
And this is where you can see that we probably have to be a little bit more careful with our display
labels because they can be reused and if you're too specific with words like entered and things like
that you may not need like even here there should probably just say like it should say something alternate
to what this is because otherwise it would show up as biography like.
For instance let's get rid of the biography label here
and you can see that the effect is the same so it's actually using the name of the actual property by
default.
But if you put a display name it's going to use that instead of the actual property.
Now if we wanted to display the actual value that's again you go back over to the details and that would
display for is going to be doing right now we don't have any values will Wired's because we're not actually
populating anything here so this is where we want to go out and create a new band object so we're going
to say where to start the server and we're going to say a variable that equals new band and then we're
going to instantiate a few things so I think there's a name or something like that or title.
Come on
we want to make sure that these things included So
sometimes if you're if your intelligence or anything like that starts getting jacked up you need to
go over to the bill and clean your solution.
It's actually a common thing unfortunately I don't know why.
So you can see that you tell us and start working once we clean it and then we click on the label and
it tells you to go out and bring in your your band model.
So now we can see if we go and put the title we could say
biography.
So normally if you type in you press tab it should just go ahead and start should work should work.
And genre version includes your mom's house.
And John writes because she's trying to be all inclusive out there for everybody likes everything.
So now what we're going to do is in order to get this data we want to go out and return our band objects.
All right so now we're going to revisit the data page.
Now we're going to get the static information in return.
So now you can see when we return back we get the actual label and we'll get the data.
Now the problem is is that this is obviously static data what you would want to do is you'd want to
take this value that gets passed ending you this value would be the identifier that you would use to
look up the band object from your database or wherever you're trying to look it up from.
And then you would end up returning the data instead of the hard coded data.
But this is how you would basically set up your template and obviously you would want much more detail
there.
So it's good and get back to making our requests someone to go out and I'm going to copy this statement
right here and I'm actually going to return a different band object so I want to go and just say details
and we're just going to say tests so it's going to be called actually will be very explicit test ban
and it doesn't mean anything passed into it it's just simply going to be a request to the point.
And this is going to be returning new band and this is new a new biography.
Your mom's house is now new and country songs mostly.
All right.
So this is going to go out and return the band not by default because you did not specify a post like
you did down here it's going to be a get by default so you don't have to worry about doing that when
you just want a normal get requests.
What we want our AJAX call to do is from our details page we're going to have a button which we've already
added and there's 190 Ajax test is going to fire a script and we want a script to be located after all
of this information because this is a little bit hackish and Normally you'd want this in some sort of
external file or something like that for the purposes of this example.
We're not to worry about that.
So in the script body here what I want you to do is go and paste in this statement and this is using
new fecche API which is a javascript standard for making AJAX calls and you can see it's heading the
music user controller test kit van which is our new endpoint and test brand is going to be returning
some data.
Now one of the things you might want to notice here is that it's expecting Jaison data to be returned
and most everybody is actually returning based on data these days so let's go ahead and do the same
thing.
So one of the things before I get into the serialization I want to show you is that if we go to our
page instead of the button you can see that we did not wire the page up to the actual button click.
So this is just going to fire as soon as the page loads it's going to make the AJAX call someone go
ahead and put a breakpoint on the new end point that we have this test get just to show you that the
Ajax is going through via javascript and that the response is coming back so going back to the browser.
If I reload the page you can see that we hit our application.
It's returning the band object that the browser is not really going to make any sense of all that data
because it's actually trying to return an entire agency my web page back via an AJAX response.
But if we went over to the browser and we inspect and we go to our network and if we want to go ahead
and you say preserve a log here or just let's Concini continue to let this thing process through it
actually probably won't capture it but let's go out and refresh your memory time.
I messed that up and we do this woman time.
All right so I'm going to clear the log.
Make sure you have preserve log on refresh and then you can see the response that's coming back here
see that again.
And then the response that they got back is right up in here so you can see the entire age male web
page government responded returns so that's not really what we want.
So the next video we're going to see how to serialize our data object to Jaison and returns just the
Jaison data of.